README.md, before:

# Setting up a HTTP/2 Webpage with RancherOS, NGINX and Let's Encrypt.

[HTTP2](https://assets.jjperezaguinaga.com/articles/v1/http2-rancheros-nginx-letsencrypt/RancherOS_HTTP2.jpg)

In september of 2015, NGINX Inc. released [NGINX version 1.9.5][NGINX], which contains the open source patch published earlier in August that allows the popular web server to support [HTTP/2][HTTP2-Slides]. This new version of the HTTP protocol contains major upgrades over HTTP/1.1 that are key for Front End Engineers, due the fact that many techniques currently used in Web Development will become [anti-patterns in HTTP/2][Cloudflare-WebDev].

Currently there's no implementation of HTTP/2 without SSL, so in order to setup a server with HTTP/2, you need a SSL certificate. Luckyly enough, [Lets Encrypt][LetsEncrypt] recently entered a public beta, allowing issuing SSL certificates for free. Assambling the request of the SSL certificate, and the NGINX server with HTTP/2 enabled, can be easily done with [Docker][Docker] and [RancherOS][RancherOS].

# Initial Setup

To get started, clone the [repository](https://github.com/jjperezaguinaga/http2-ssl) that holds a series of scripts required for setting up a [EC2 t2.nano](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/ec2-update-t2-nano-instances-now-available/), currently the smallest available virtual machine (VM) provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS). Inside the repository, you can find a [Vagrantfile](https://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/vagrantfile/), which is a configuration file used by [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) to provisiong VMs.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/jjperezaguinaga/http2-ssl
$ cd http2-ssl
$ tree -L 1
.
├── License.txt
├── Makefile
├── README.md
├── Vagrantfile
├── html
├── letsencrypt
└── vagrant.sh.template
```

Within the repository, modify the shell script template with your own information, since the `Makefile` leverages on it to perform actions against the VM.

```
$ cat vagrant.sh.template
#!/bin/bash
DOMAIN="domain.com" EMAIL="certs@domain.com" AWS_ACCESS_KEY="XXXXX" AWS_SECRET_KEY="XXXXX" AWS_KEYPAIR_NAME="key-zone-name" AWS_KEYPAIR_PATH="/home/admin/.ssh/key-zone-name.pem" vagrant $1 $2 $3 $4
$ mv vagrant.sh.template vagrant.sh
$ vim vagrant.sh
```
*Replace the script file with your own AWS credentials and domain where your webpage will be hosted. Additionally, before going on, make sure you have Vagrant installed. For more information about Vagrant, see their [webpage](https://www.vagrantup.com/).*



FOOT NOTES

*Although NGINX wasn't the [first server to support HTTP2][HTTP2-Implementations], it's one of the most popular in the Web field.*


[NGINX]: https://www.nginx.com/blog/nginx-1-9-5/
[HTTP2-Slides]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1r7QXGYOLCh4fcUq0jDdDwKJWNqWK1o4xMtYpKZCJYjM/present?slide=id.p19
[Cloudflare-HTTP2]: https://www.cloudflare.com/http2/what-is-http2/
[Cloudflare-WebDev]: https://blog.cloudflare.com/http-2-for-web-developers/
[Cloudflare-SPDY]: https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-http2/
[HTTP2-Book]: http://hpbn.co/http2
[HTTP2-Implementations]: https://github.com/http2/http2-spec/wiki/Implementations
[LetsEncrypt]: https://letsencrypt.org/
[LetsEncrypt-Repo]: https://github.com/letsencrypt/letsencrypt
[RancherOS]: http://rancher.com/rancher-os/
[Docker]: http://www.docker.io/

Commit message:

Creating the machine subsection complete

README.md, after:

# Setting up a HTTP/2 Webpage with RancherOS, NGINX and Let's Encrypt in AWS.

[HTTP2](https://assets.jjperezaguinaga.com/articles/v1/http2-rancheros-nginx-letsencrypt/RancherOS_HTTP2.jpg)

In September of 2015, NGINX Inc. released [NGINX version 1.9.5][NGINX], which contains the open source patch that allows the popular web server to support [HTTP/2][HTTP2-Slides]. This new version of the HTTP protocol contains major upgrades over HTTP/1.1 that makes loading webpages significantly faster. It is key for Front End Engineers to learn the new features included in HTTP/2, since many techniques currently used in Web Development and HTTP/1.1 will become [anti-patterns in HTTP/2][Cloudflare-WebDev].

To get started with HTTP/2, a SSL certificate is required, since there's no implementation of HTTP/2 without SSL. Luckily enough, [Lets Encrypt][LetsEncrypt] recently started its public beta, allowing issuing SSL certificates for free. Assembling the request of a SSL certificate, installing the proper version of NGINX, and running the NGINX server with HTTP/2 enabled, can be easily done inside Amazon Web Services (AWS) with [Docker][Docker] and [RancherOS][RancherOS].

# Initial Setup

To get started, clone the [repository](https://github.com/jjperezaguinaga/http2-ssl) that holds a series of scripts required for setting up a [EC2 t2.nano](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/ec2-update-t2-nano-instances-now-available/), currently the smallest available virtual machine (VM) provided by AWS. Inside the repository, you can find a [Vagrantfile](https://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/vagrantfile/), which is a configuration file used by [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) to provisioning VMs.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/jjperezaguinaga/http2-ssl
$ cd http2-ssl
$ tree -L 1
.
├── License.txt
├── Makefile
├── README.md
├── Vagrantfile
├── html
├── letsencrypt
└── vagrant.sh.template
```

Within the repository, modify the shell script template with your own information such as AWS Credentials, domain and email for recovering your SSL Certs. The `Makefile` within the file, leverages on the `vagrant.sh` to perform actions against the VM.

```
$ cat vagrant.sh.template
#!/bin/bash
DOMAIN="domain.com" EMAIL="certs@domain.com" AWS_ACCESS_KEY="XXXXX" AWS_SECRET_KEY="XXXXX" AWS_KEYPAIR_NAME="key-zone-name" AWS_KEYPAIR_PATH="/home/admin/.ssh/key-zone-name.pem" vagrant $1 $2 $3 $4
$ mv vagrant.sh.template vagrant.sh
$ vim vagrant.sh
```
*Replace the script file with your own AWS credentials and domain where your webpage will be hosted. Additionally, before going on, make sure you have Vagrant installed. For more information about Vagrant, see their [webpage](https://www.vagrantup.com/).*

# Creating the machine

Before running up the script to boot up the machine, make sure that the default security group has your external IP open for port 22, which is the default port used by Vagrant. We can do all this from the command line with the [AWS CLI tool](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/authorize-security-group-ingress.html).

```
$ brew install awscli # run `aws configure` to add your keys
$ curl ifconfig.io | xargs sh -c 'aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-name default --protocol tcp --port 22 --cidr $0/32' # You might need to specific a region
```

*As a good practice, never open port 22 to the external world (0.0.0.0/0) to avoid brute force attacks against your VM to try to get SSH access (or if you do install [Fail2Ban](http://www.fail2ban.org/wiki/index.php/Main_Page)). Ideally, port forward your SSH console to a less common port (i.e. 8722) and only allow access to it to your own IP, either the one from your internal network or the one used at that specific point in time, which is what we are doing with the `curl ifconfig.io` command.*

# Adding DNS for server in



# Conclusion

Although setting up a HTTP/2 Web Server seems to be a task meant for a System Administrator, learning how to set it up as a Front End Engineer allows easy testing of the protocol, benchmarking of the improvements with the new techniques, and pushing its implementation across the web products Front End Engineers are resnposible of.

FOOT NOTES

*Although NGINX wasn't the [first server to support HTTP2][HTTP2-Implementations], it's one of the most popular in the Web field.*


[NGINX]: https://www.nginx.com/blog/nginx-1-9-5/
[HTTP2-Slides]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1r7QXGYOLCh4fcUq0jDdDwKJWNqWK1o4xMtYpKZCJYjM/present?slide=id.p19
[Cloudflare-HTTP2]: https://www.cloudflare.com/http2/what-is-http2/
[Cloudflare-WebDev]: https://blog.cloudflare.com/http-2-for-web-developers/
[Cloudflare-SPDY]: https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-http2/
[HTTP2-Book]: http://hpbn.co/http2
[HTTP2-Implementations]: https://github.com/http2/http2-spec/wiki/Implementations
[LetsEncrypt]: https://letsencrypt.org/
[LetsEncrypt-Repo]: https://github.com/letsencrypt/letsencrypt
[RancherOS]: http://rancher.com/rancher-os/
[Docker]: http://www.docker.io/
